oh yeah it's monique doing a samsung
exclaim i spent with you there's the
phone nice oh also a box USB charger USB
only microsd card inserted in the
handset that's it yeah I like the hug
them good job samsung and spread yeah
good job you did pretty good look at the
memory stick I mean this is 512
megabytes for I mean oh my god good job
good job good job
see here let's try to text message just
send one quick message to all of my
friend
hey I am doing a review on the new phone
it is a samsung exclaim
alright so this is week with my samsung
exclaim alls I'm saying is rate comment
and subscribe if you like so good job
thank you for watching and heaven I stay
have a very next day yeah so yeah it
also the smiley face button so by and
subscribe thank you
you